adjust timezone config description (#885)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/task-configuration-file-full.md

shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # The shard merge mode. Optional modes are ""/"pessimistic"/"optimistic". The "" mode is used by default which means sharding DDL merge is disabled. If the task is a shard merge task, set it to the "pessimistic" mode. 
                                # After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set it to the "optimistic" mode.
meta-schema: "dm_meta"          # The downstream database that stores the `meta` information.

> timezone: "Asia/Shanghai"       # The timezone used in SQL Session. By default, DM uses the global timezone setting in the target cluster, which ensures the correctness automatically. Customized timezone does not affect data migration but is unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timezone: "Asia/Shanghai"       # The timezone used in SQL Session. By default, DM uses the global timezone setting in the target cluster, which ensures the correctness automatically. A customized timezone does not affect data migration but is unnecessary.
```
```suggestion
timezone: "Asia/Shanghai"       # The timezone used in SQL Session. By default, DM uses the global timezone setting in the target cluster, which ensures the correctness automatically. Customized timezone does not affect data migration but is unnecessary.
```

> timezone: "Asia/Shanghai"       # The timezone use in SQL Session. Buy default, DM will use the global timezone setting in target cluster, and can ensure the correctness automatically. Manually set to other timezone won't affect the correctness, so I most can, you needn't change it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timezone: "Asia/Shanghai"       # The timezone used in SQL Session. By default, DM uses the global timezone setting in the target cluster, which ensures the correctness automatically. Customized timezone does not affect data migration but is unnecessary.
```
